_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<h1>About Me</h1>

<div class="about-me">
    <p>
        I'm Mina, I'm a professional software engineer - since 2007 - with strong focus on back-end development and architecture. I'm very passionate about open source, product development and contributing to building solutions to the problems of life.
    </p>
    <p>Beside technological and architectural tools, I'm big fan of the Agile Scrum methodologies and I really like to discuss related topics and exchange experiences with other people in that business.
    </p>
    <p>
        Born and raised in Egypt, and moved to the Netherlands in 2013 and living there since then. Currently, I live in Haarlem, with my wife who is, also, a software engineer focused on front-end development, ironic, right?
    </p>
    <p>
        Coming from a very food oriented culture, I'm a foodie, like to cook and experiment with new recipes from around the world. Also, I am an old PC gamer, and after buying PS4 in 2018, because of Spider-Man PS4 release, I have returned to the gaming arena.
    </p>
    <p>
        I used to blog in the past, and stopped very long time ago, but I'm here now with a new blog.
    </p>
    <p>So in this blog, I want to share my knowledge and experience, because sharing is caring, in my life journey about software development, architecture, code, infrastructure and Scrum. But, you may find, also, some favorite recipes, PS4 games reviews, hardware reviews as well, or at least this is what I'm intending to try and write about !
    </p>
    <p>
        And now, I hope you enjoy the journey of blogging with me, hoping to present to you valuable and enjoyable content.
    </p>
    <p>Cheers!</p>
</div>

Commit message:

add menu and better SEO

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
menu: About Me
permalink: /about
description: "I'm Mina, I'm a professional software engineer - since 2007 - with strong focus on back-end development and architecture. I'm very passionate about open source, product development and contributing to building solutions to the problems of life."
image: /assets/portfolio.png
---

<h1>About Me</h1>

<div class="about-me">
    <p>
        I'm Mina, I'm a professional software engineer - since 2007 - with strong focus on back-end development and architecture. I'm very passionate about open source, product development and contributing to building solutions to the problems of life.
    </p>
    <p>Beside technological and architectural tools, I'm big fan of the Agile Scrum methodologies and I really like to discuss related topics and exchange experiences with other people in that business.
    </p>
    <p>
        Born and raised in Egypt, and moved to the Netherlands in 2013 and living there since then. Currently, I live in Haarlem, with my wife who is, also, a software engineer focused on front-end development, ironic, right?
    </p>
    <p>
        Coming from a very food oriented culture, I'm a foodie, like to cook and experiment with new recipes from around the world. Also, I am an old PC gamer, and after buying PS4 in 2018, because of Spider-Man PS4 release, I have returned to the gaming arena.
    </p>
    <p>
        I used to blog in the past, and stopped very long time ago, but I'm here now with a new blog.
    </p>
    <p>So in this blog, I want to share my knowledge and experience, because sharing is caring, in my life journey about software development, architecture, code, infrastructure and Scrum. But, you may find, also, some favorite recipes, PS4 games reviews, hardware reviews as well, or at least this is what I'm intending to try and write about !
    </p>
    <p>
        And now, I hope you enjoy the journey of blogging with me, hoping to present to you valuable and enjoyable content.
    </p>
    <p>Cheers!</p>
</div>
